>> Jen Kramer: I was hoping peanut butter
and jelly made it to all 35 countries.
But if not, hopefully you
made a list of directions for
how to do something else that is
pretty simple and straightforward.
For those of you who are wondering how to
make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich,
we do have directions here for you.
So hopefully,
your code looks something like mine.
So I have a heading.
So here's what this list is gonna be all
about, how to make a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich.
And then, I have my SIPS.
We're gonna use the OL,
which is the ordered list tag.
Inside of that, we have a series of LIs.
If you had a problem somewhere along the
way and it quote doesn't work, all right,
chances are the places to usually look for
these kinds of things.
One is,
people often make these syntax mistakes.
So syntax is all of the punctuation and
so forth that makes up your code.
And so, it's pretty easy to make a typo.
So instead of LI for list item,
you make a, I don't know, II, or
KI, or some other key that's nearby,
you get it wrong somehow.
So look to make sure you type
the right thing in all the places.
Make sure that they're nested correctly.
So that you close tags appropriately.
That's the other thing that
people often get wrong.
They open the tag but
they forget to close it.
Hopefully, our editor will
help with that problem.
But that could be something else
you get wrong along the way.